Hey, everyone, Brooke here.
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
And there’s Jake.
Would she ever?
No, she would never; she’s an angel.
It feels out of your control, doesn’t it?
Remember when we studied
about the Shulammite girl?
Who was really in control?
She was.
You have the same power.
If you believe that,
it’ll change how you handle the pressure.
My peace comes from doing the right thing.
“I am a wall.”
You’re just a coward.
Take your trash.
Think about what the jailer had done to Paul.
He could have hated him for it.
Yeah, he could have.
But I guess he saw the jailer’s pain
instead of just his own.
Let me show you just one scripture.
All right, one scripture.
Jehovah has taught us to love,
and he’s given our family
peace.
Hello, everyone.
Haley from DeNure Design here.
You don’t think she’s showing off?
Is this just about Haley?
Can you believe her?
I haven’t seen all her posts.
If Celia agrees that Haley
is doing something she shouldn’t,
you should talk to her.
I’ve noticed
your posts lately on QuicPost.
What about them?
Some people might think you’re bragging.
Who would think like that?
You?
I didn’t want to upset you.
Jake said that I needed to take . . .
Jake! So everyone thinks
my posts are inappropriate?
That’s not what I am saying at all.
You are such . . .
Think back to a time
when you wanted forgiveness.
“Love is patient and kind.”
It’s not jealous.
I’m sorry, Haley.
Genuine affection fights peace wreckers.
And affection grows when we really know
our brothers and sisters well.
I was always impressed
with how close you two were.
Well, it wasn’t always that way.
No.
What started as a small disagreement
just exploded.
You!
You’re the problem.
I needed a lot of help from Jehovah
to make things right with Nick.
There was a misunderstanding
that got blown all out of proportion.
And I didn’t handle it the best.
That’s when our peace
was really put to the test.
The body decided, unanimously,
that he should no longer serve.
Because you pushed them!
Phil didn’t know just how tense things were
between Tim and I.
I found comfort
in accounts of Jehovah’s servants.
They helped me realize that
being at peace with my brothers
was more important
than any appointed position.
It wasn’t easy,
but we talked it out.
And we were able to make peace
with Jehovah’s help.
Without peace,
I don’t know how we could’ve managed
what was to come.
At that moment when you hear the verdict
that you’ll stay in prison,
it’s like you’ve been knocked unconscious.
But then
the doors of the elevator opened up,
and in front of us . . .
That’s Jehovah.
When you’re just about to lose
all your strength,
Jehovah does that something for you.
The Russian brothers and sisters,
I pray for them constantly
because they are going
through a very tough time.
What I’ve learned from all of this
is peace isn’t from what’s outside,
from what’s going on,
or from what you’re experiencing.
I’ve learned that peace is on the inside,
and that comes from Jehovah.